README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/icon/icon_logo.png" alt="Stocks Ticker Logo" /></a>
</p>

> Stocks Ticker provides you a **feature rich** price ticker for your favourite stocks, built into Visual Studio Code. It helps you to **stay updated** with the prices at a glance via watchlist, **get notified** at set limits, **get price quote** for stocks from multiple exchanges, and more.

# Stocks Ticker

Stocks Ticker is a VSCode extension, primarily focused on providing a price ticker for stocks selected by the user, along with on-demand price quotes and ability to set alerts for specific price limits.

# Features

### Watchlist

Clicking on the extension icon opens the watchlist which allows the following operations,
* **Add Stock:** [**Add a stock**](#add-remove-item- 'Jump to Add or Remove Watchlist item') to the watchlist to stay updated with its prices.
* **Configure:** [**Configure**](#configure- 'Jump to Configure') whether you want to see the price difference from previous day closing price in _Amount_ or _Percentage_.
* **Refresh:** Refresh the watchlist.

### Watchlist Item

Each watchlist item shows the following details for a stock,
* Abbreviated Exchange 
* Stock Symbol
* Price

In addition to the details, following options are available for each item in the watchlist,
* **Mark as Favourite:** [**Add**](#mark-unmark-favourite- 'Jump to Mark or Unmark Favourite') the item to status bar for constant visibility.
* **Unmark Favourite:** [**Remove**](#mark-unmark-favourite- 'Jump to Mark or Unmark Favourite') the item from status bar, if added.
* **Notification:** [**Add**](#add-notification- 'Jump to Add Notification') a new notification/alert or [**edit**](#edit-notification- 'Jump to Edit Notification') an existing one for a specific price limit. Provides an alert sound, if selected.
* **Refresh:** Fetch the latest price quote for the stock symbol.
* **Remove from Watchlist:** [**Remove the item**](#add-remove-item- 'Jump to Add or Remove Watchlist item') from the watchlist.


# Usage

### Search a Stock Symbol in multiple supported Exchanges [#](#search-symbol- 'Search Symbol')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Search_Symbol.gif" alt="Search Symbol" />
</p>

### Add or Remove a _Watchlist_ item [#](#add-remove-item- 'Add or Remove Watchlist item')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Add_Remove_Stock.gif" alt="Add or Remove Watchlist item" />
</p>

### Configure [#](#configure- 'Configure')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Amount_Percentage_Change.gif" alt="Configure" />
</p>

### Mark or Unmark Favourite [#](#mark-unmark-favourite- 'Mark or Unmark Favourite')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Mark_Unmark_Favourite.gif" alt="Mark or Unmark Favourite" />
</p>

### Add Notification [#](#add-notification- 'Add Notification')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Add_Notification.gif" alt="Add Notification" />
</p>

### Edit Notification [#](#edit-notification- 'Edit Notification')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Edit_Notification.gif" alt="Edit Notification" />
</p>

Commit message:

Add option to fetch price quote

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/icon/icon_logo.png" alt="Stocks Ticker Logo" /></a>
</p>

> Stocks Ticker provides you a **feature rich** price ticker for your favourite stocks, built into Visual Studio Code. It helps you to **stay updated** with the prices at a glance via watchlist, **get notified** at set limits, **get price quote** for stocks from multiple exchanges, and more.

# Stocks Ticker

Stocks Ticker is a Visual Studio Code extension, primarily focused on providing a price ticker for stocks selected by the user in a watchlist, along with on-demand price quotes and ability to set alerts for specific price limits.

# Features

### Price Quote

1. Open [**Command Palette**](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface#_command-palette) on Visual Studio Code.
2. Enter **Stocks Ticker: Get Price Quote**.
3. Enter the stock symbol to get price quote for.

[**Here is an example**](#price-quote- 'Jump to Price Quote')

### Watchlist

Clicking on the extension icon opens the watchlist which allows the following operations,
* **Add Stock:** [**Add a stock**](#add-remove-item- 'Jump to Add or Remove Watchlist item') to the watchlist to stay updated with its prices.
* **Configure:** [**Configure**](#configure- 'Jump to Configure') whether you want to see the price difference from previous day closing price in _Amount_ or _Percentage_.
* **Refresh:** Refresh the watchlist.

### Watchlist Item

Each watchlist item shows the following details for a stock,
* Abbreviated Exchange 
* Stock Symbol
* Price

In addition to the details, following options are available for each item in the watchlist,
* **Mark as Favourite:** [**Add**](#mark-unmark-favourite- 'Jump to Mark or Unmark Favourite') the item to status bar for constant visibility.
* **Unmark Favourite:** [**Remove**](#mark-unmark-favourite- 'Jump to Mark or Unmark Favourite') the item from status bar, if added.
* **Notification:** [**Add**](#add-notification- 'Jump to Add Notification') a new notification/alert or [**edit**](#edit-notification- 'Jump to Edit Notification') an existing one for a specific price limit. Provides an alert sound, if selected.
* **Refresh:** Fetch the latest price quote for the stock symbol.
* **Remove from Watchlist:** [**Remove the item**](#add-remove-item- 'Jump to Add or Remove Watchlist item') from the watchlist.


# Usage

### Search a Stock Symbol in multiple supported Exchanges [#](#search-symbol- 'Search Symbol')

### Price Quote [#](#price-quote- 'Price Quote')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Price_Quote.gif" alt="Price Quote" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Search_Symbol.gif" alt="Search Symbol" />
</p>

### Add or Remove a _Watchlist_ item [#](#add-remove-item- 'Add or Remove Watchlist item')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Add_Remove_Stock.gif" alt="Add or Remove Watchlist item" />
</p>

### Configure [#](#configure- 'Configure')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Amount_Percentage_Change.gif" alt="Configure" />
</p>

### Mark or Unmark Favourite [#](#mark-unmark-favourite- 'Mark or Unmark Favourite')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Mark_Unmark_Favourite.gif" alt="Mark or Unmark Favourite" />
</p>

### Add Notification [#](#add-notification- 'Add Notification')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Add_Notification.gif" alt="Add Notification" />
</p>

### Edit Notification [#](#edit-notification- 'Edit Notification')

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/piyush-bhatt/vscode-stocks-ticker/main/media/readme/Edit_Notification.gif" alt="Edit Notification" />
</p>
